{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14440\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 An Acoustical Domain library for Simscape\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This library provides an Acoustical Domain for use with Simscape. This domain follows the conventions that have been used for decades with analog circuit models of acoustical systems. An early example of these methods is the book by Olsen (first edition published in 1943). A relevant current reference is Beranek and Mellow. These methods were initially used to model lumped parameter systems, systems that are analogous to simple RLC electrical circuits. Those lumped parameter components are included in the acoustical domain library. An example of the use of these simple components is a simple loudspeaker model. The current version of the acoustical library also includes components beyond the simple lumped elements. These include several kinds of acoustical transmission lines, piezoelectric pieces, and assemblies of simpler components such as approximate models radiation impedance and several models of moving coil speakers.\
\
The Acoustical Domain uses the linear approximation for acoustic disturbances in the medium. It cannot deal with any phenomena that produce nonlinear behavior in the medium. For example, it cannot include effects such as\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 turbulence,\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 cavitation in liquid media,\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 nonlinear propagation at high pressure amplitudes in tubes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The user is currently responsible for recognizing when these effects may be present, and to refrain from linear modeling in those cases.\
\
Use of the library requires an active license to MATLAB, Simulink and Simscape from The MathWorks. Some features may also require a license to additional features (toolboxes) of the software. \
\
To use this library, \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 add the +acoustical directory in this distribution to the MATLAB path. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}Set the MATLAB current directory to the parent directory of +acoustical.\
{\listtext	3.	}Execute \'93ssc_build acoustical\'94. \
{\listtext	4.	}Add slblocks.m to the MATLAB root. If a file with that name is already present, merge the information in the two files.\
{\listtext	5.	}Restart MATLAB.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}